[Music]
top headlines for the day at the
filmfare awards show priyanka chopra got
all the wats but ask angela and she has
a lot to say about this according to
come inna she was to get award but could
not make it and then is when the drama
unfolded and priyanka got felicitated
meri qaum suddenly became a terrific
movie in the award function and priyanka
walked away with all the remaining award
while v clap for priyanka there was
someone who knows the wound Kangana she
said they were her words which were
meant for her which went to Priyanka so
for all those who votes for meri qaum
over-queen think twice look back and
feel the difference harbor tongue in a
really rock as Queen and should have
turned up on time enough to collect the
watch all of us know that sonam kapoor
is the latest in frame as she's paired
with our own Dabangg Khan in frame
reventon bio however there was a lot of
high drama in a recent femina women's
award function Sona was very upset with
kat as she kept the beautiful lass
waiting ditto for Ash who was also a
little late our khufia josue says that
Sonam did not bother much for the two as
she was really upset at their coming to
the show late has success already gone
into so nums head or is she genuinely
upset prem ratan 10 piyo the sooraj
barjatya magnum opus obviously would
give Sonam the right chance to prove
herself so is it all a bid to catch
public attention while she's on the move
is anybody's out so what made this star
baby throw some start I pairs well
apparently the ballistics gal was
clearly not happy with the list so if
you can't bear it show it Hannah anushka
sharma who's currently basking in the
glory of her recently released film nh10
flew to australia in fact the dimpled
beauty has reached sydney and we all
know why obviously the babe wants to
cheer for Virat Kohli a team india when
they take on the mighty Australians in
the semi-final of icc cricket world cup
2015 and of course we will see a new
shkoj air for her lover boy Virat too
that's given no but here's what happened
after miss Sharma reads the kangaroo
land well the build her at NATO actress
and the handsome cricketer went out for
dinner on Monday to an indian rest
off interestingly just when the couple
was leaving the restaurant someone from
the bell des complimented the beaten
babe for her performance in NH 10 oh
that's sweet well now that the Lady Luck
is by Coley side let's hope Virat sees
Team India through the semifinals now we
all know robot was critically acclaimed
and fared well at the box office the
movie became one of the biggest
blockbusters of the decade crossing an
amount of 330 k rose at the box office
we all know that so well did you know
come on Hassan and preity zinta were the
first choice for robot well an exclusive
secret has been revealed after years yep
the super sensational film was first
shot with camel in 3d in 1997
nonetheless because of the financial
hiccups the film got cells and the
makers did it with Raj me and ash in
2010 so sad robot was then set to star
comelon preteen lead roles but one
guesses that Indian cinema was not yet
ready to carry off such an ambitious
project at that point of time
[Music]